my baby I will not cry cuz i got you
love this Christmas
when the snows on the ground and it's
reason aside hey everyone so today's
video is so so exciting today's video is
going to be my DIY holiday gift ideas I
have been planning on doing this video
for like the longest time and first of
all ignore my hair it was it's been in a
ponytail all day and I just took it out
and let I'm lettin to do its thing um
don't ask I don't know let me know if
you are enjoying my 12 there's a glam
this series because I definitely am and
I'm actually running out of Christmas
ideas so please comment down below some
video ideas for this myth series that I
am doing and yeah that'll be very very
grateful and I love you guys so let's
get started with the video alright so
the first gift is the peppermint bodies
grabbing the things you will need is a
clear container coconut oil vanilla
extract pepper medic Shack red food
color and sugar measuring cup and a
clear container to mix things in well
don't have to be clear but you need a
container to mix things in and then i
just opened up my coconut oil which was
a struggle for me it took me forever and
then I scooped it out and put it into my
container to mix things and in what
you're going to need half a cup of this
so just eyeball it that's what I did
because you can't really scoop out
something that's solid and get the
correct amounts but I actually did get
enough so just eyeball it and it'll be
good and then after that you're going to
want to microwave it and microwave it in
15 second ink reveals just because in my
fern ends you don't want that so i
microwaved it for 15 seconds and then it
wasn't done so i put it in for another
15 seconds and then it was done and
while it was waiting I was dancing
because why not and then afterwards I
just mixed it together just to melt it
all down and then I went ahead and added
4 teaspoons of peppermint extract you
can add more you can add less it's
totally up to you and then I added 2
teaspoons of vanilla extract and this
was just like soft in the smell I guess
I'm not really sure what the panel
extract does but I don't really know and
then I added 1 cup of sugar which I
didn't use all of this I kind of just
like I balda and mixed
and then just kept repeating I kept
adding more in the mixing and just
repeat and repeat it's totally up to you
how much you add and then I went ahead
and added some red food coloring just to
kind of make it more festive and you can
add as much of this as you want this
won't stain your skin by the way I know
some of you guys might think that but it
will not stay in your skin I tested it
and it won't do that and you just want
to mix it together to get that really
pretty Christmas you red color and then
I added it into a container and I wish
this was just a empty container with no
bitter like no label on it but I just
reuse the container so what hasn't let
you blown it but I wasn't giving this as
a gift so it was completely okay and
then I just wrote peppermint body scrub
on the side so I know what it is and
yeah that's all for that gift this next
gift is the chocolate bar in a jar which
is one of my favorites because it's so
easy the first thing you'll need is a
jar chocolate fudge cake and chocolate
chips and the first thing you do is
empty the chocolate fudge cake mix into
the container and then you add the
chocolate chips into the container and
that's basically it and then I decided
to try cookie mix on the side because
it's for a cookie bar and it's so good
so I just wrote cookie mix on the side
and then on the lid I just wrote few
directions which this part was so
annoying because I kept messing up and
it was just a terrible disaster and that
was all basically and then I added the
lid and i added a really pretty red bow
and that was all for this gift it was so
simple and easy to make i recommend this
one if you're in a rush
the next gift is the hot chocolate
reindeer and the things you'll need is a
plastic bag touch off with a red fuzzy
ball googly eyes and those little fuzzy
sticks and you just want to add the hot
chocolate into a plastic bag and I
recommend doing a bigger bag and then
you just cut the bag and then you tie
the fuzzy sticks around it because this
will secure it so i recommend you
twisting it as much as possible because
I spilled mine and it was terrible and
then you want to shape them to form the
antlers because ranges have antlers
stuff and then you just want to cut them
so they look like antlers and then
you're going to take your hot glue gun
and just put the reindeer some googly
eyes on and then you're gonna do the
same with you red nose because I made
mine as Rudolph you don't have to make
it up through Dolph but I think Rudolph
is cuter and you can make plenty of you
can just hand them out to your friends
yo in the Jumby i'm on the snare drum
yeah i'm on the peak is a vehicle and
then the last gift is one of my
favorites it's the Christmas mug the
things you'll need is a plain white mug
candy canes and three sharpies of your
choice or more sharpies I just chose red
black and green and then I also chose
blue but I chose that later on so I
didn't show it and for my Christmas bag
I decided to write Merry Christmas
because it is a Christmas mug and I'm
just going to be using this to drink tea
and stuff but you could give this to
like family members who drink coffee or
tea and I pretty much just drew all over
it this one's the easiest I'd like to
say it's kind of a tie between this one
in the hot the chocolate bar in a jar 1b
just because they're both so simple and
I don't know this one was just really
easy to do and all you pretty much did
was draw so if you like drawing i think
this gift would be perfect for you and I
just pretty much drew ran up things all
over it and it ended up looking cute so
that's good
d
and then right here I just decided to
draw some snowflakes on it look like
guys I'm not very artistic so these
weren't the cutest snowflakes but yeah
and then I do some christmas trees on
the side which they didn't look like
Christmas trees Sasha stuff that drawing
let's make that a hashtag and yeah
that's pretty much all I did to my mug I
just drew a ton of random little
Christmassy things and I liked how it
turned out though
here though
so then you just want to add your hot
chocolate your candy canes and then
you're good to go to give this to
someone I'd recommend adding a bow
though and that's all for all the gifts
I hope you guys enjoy this video comment
which one was your favorite and yeah
I'll talk to you guys in my next video
check out my last video love you guys
bye